making clearer that TSDB is the new recommended index, and make expli… (#9246)
grafana/loki: docs/sources/operations/storage/boltdb-shipper.md

---
# Single Store (boltdb-shipper)

> Please note that this is a legacy storage option and is not recommended for new deployments. It is recommended to use the [TSDB]({{< relref "./tsdb" >}}) index instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that single store (boltdb-shipper) is a legacy storage option and is not recommended for new deployments. It is recommended to use the [TSDB]({{< relref "./tsdb" >}}) index instead.
```
